https://github.com/bitnykk/rl.git

WHAT IS RL FOR AO

It's a set of customizable scriptbase for Anarchy Online.
Its intend is to help Raid Leaders to communicate fast & efficiently towards raid members.

HOW TO INSTALL

Once the archive is downloaded, extract into your AO client "script" folder.
It could be at same location than your AO client executable.

But it could also be under system's "Users" tree folder, e.g. within "Appdata/Local".
Search for a Funcom folder and downer inside, for the correct client ID folder.

As soon you located the "script" folder your AO client uses, unpack the archive.
You should obtain this README, a file names "rl" and a folder named "rlfiles".

HOW TO USE

If installed correctly, you can use it in any ingame channel.
It could be raidbot, raid channel, team channel, org channel, vicinity, etc.

You just type exactly /rl followed by a space and then 3 letters for the message part.
Example : /rl tes

HOW DOES IT WORK

The "rl" script loads at upper command, which shows ingame the text of file named (e.g.) "tes" in "rlfiles" folder.

That way, you can have as many files in "rlfiles" folder as you need and load them very easily in no time !
Just keeping naming them with 3 letters so the final command is always as simple as : /rl 123

Fot a list of all such files provided (see below) do : /showfile rlmem

HOW TO CUSTOMIZE

You can edit any file into "rlfiles" to modify the shown text at will.

You also can add any new file into that folder to cover another missing need :
Just create a new 3 letters named textfile (without .txt extention) in folder 
Type the text you need in, may be update "rlmem" in "text" folder & there you go !


ALL FILES PROVIDED

Here are the grouped lists of the files provided and their intented use.

	For all raids (generic) :
		buf : advices all raid to buff up
		sto : ask raider(s) to stop all moves
		wai : require raider(s) to pause all dmg
		add : attracts attention on add(s) kill
		ass : recall to use assist macro (done before)
		lmn : request crat(s) to mezz in emergency
		rem : so all close & get away from remains
		pdd : push for damage dealing to fasten kill

	For Alien Play Fields :
		coc : when nobody hits a cocoon trapping someone
		fen : remind how to not die passing a fence
		42k : memo for how to speak with entrance NPC
		pat : for how to deal with Patrollers
		hac : forbidding the kill/aggro of Hacker
		13n : explanation of 13/north boss
		28w : guide to kill the 28/west boss
		35e : recall for the 35/east bosses
		42a : quick tips for the final AC boss
		see : to stop seeker hit & ask snare

	For Pandemonium :
		pin : alert to kill pink (healer) down first
		ups : sync the raid to go upstairs with tank
		tnh : order to go at TNH's feet and off bridge
		ref : reflect time on Beast aka pause the damage
	
	For 12 men :
		kee : awakes the keeper forgetting to cast CoTJ on LH
		mor : easy trick to remove the RH morphs in siderooms
		xan : last boss centerization, turret kill & heal spoil

	For Biodome :
		doo : gather people at door so nobody enters & die
		hud : instructions to wear the hud and enter
		bio : explains the main boss/turret mechanics
		
	For Mercenaries :
		bri : set the bridge as meet point for all raid
		ota : says Otacustes is up, Mercs soon following
		ian : warns low HP that Ian can AOE stun and nuke
		
	For Inner Sanctuum :
		is1 : how to pop the 1st floor door
		is2 : for the 2nd floor key boss
		is3 : indicates not to mess around in 3rd floor
		hez : specific orders for Hezak the Immortal
	
More could be added in the future, so check the application github frequently.

https://github.com/bitnykk/rl.git